ah
two videos from dallas
one in dallas without a filter is the trial of
wind michu
what happens
1 on the channel of the infiltrated case of a
video called the trial of win
michu in all the details and others is
called
wing michu convicted and with a
criminal record you ca
n't andorra and almost behind bars wow
are the titles of the video okay let's
see first the one with the review that I
imagine will be the strongest let's see I
know the trial was in December okay I know the
trial was in December I have
n't read the sentence but I know it did
n't turn out as we expected but
[Music]
well let's see the day is going to tell how it
was the widget a finally I can say it
after so long of knowing it and I really
wanted to say it as you
know guys michu that youtuber known
only for his most viewed video which is
accusing me of everything and more while I have
always been declared innocent of
absolutely everything I have defended myself with
evidence as much as I can I have managed to
change for some time that
public opinion that he created based on lies
against me and he managed to change it little by
little  thanks to always being totally
honest and always showing evidence and everything
with the pure truth while I have always
been innocent he has been found
guilty as you are hearing wish
michu has a criminal record and worse
is one step away from being in jail
one step away from an apartment in jail and
as you know I always speak with evidence and I
never lie not even in the slightest and for
this I also have your evidence and you
have him convicted we will see the crime
okay it is a pleasure for me they presented
the net and I as you know the
date of Valentine's Day is approaching what does
this mean well this means that
surely all of you who are
watching me that have a girlfriend but everything
that you have a girlfriend are surely
thinking about what to give no and you know
that I always highly recommend buying
online in trusted stores because it is
the most comfortable no you do not have to go out on
the street and more now with the whole issue
that we are experiencing they ask for whatever it is it
arrives at the door of your house and there I am
sure that they are already thinking
about what to give your partner but
why don't you think of something because we do not
want also a  little to
yourselves, me who made me many years
that I see myself written here well I love myself that's why I
propose something different
before giving something to someone why don't you
give something to yourself, that is to say, give yourself a
little love and a sample of how much you
love yourself, what can you give? Well, I want it to
be a nice sweater, some boots, a
sweatshirt, something for the computer, surely there
is something that you are thinking of
buying well if you do it with Lety Shop
which is as simple as right now the
link that you will find in the description,
install the extension in Chrome or
download the application every time you
make any online purchase in
one of your
trusted establishments you will receive back a
percentage of dandruff what does
this mean because you are going to buy
at the same time you will return a little of
that money into your account there are more than
3,000 trusted establishments to
choose from among which is El
Corte Inglés ps components and I'm with
book and rooms that are trusted almost
all are there so what are you
waiting for if you are going to buy something take
advantage and buy it cheaper with a
percentage back for you so that you
Spend it on whatever you want so that you
love yourself too. Happy Valentine's Day
guys. I said the link in the
description.
Welcome to EBA. Thank you so much for
this. This is something you didn't know about, I promise.
Okay, whoever had a criminal record didn't
know about it there was speculation and stuff
because obviously they went over the bottle,
which is a video recognizing what
had happened that nobody hits bottles
or I don't know who, not in a scene, no, but it was
never known what happened to that, I
mean, I asked myself a lot
of times what the [ __ ] happened to the
bottle throw, what the [ __ ] happened to the
bottle throw, now that it was
years later
and that was in 2017 because if
the video was in 2017, that's how the review is, it
was obviously the same date because
that video was in response after
Dallas made the video talking about the
bottle throw, I mean, we're talking about
2017, we're already at the beginning of 2021, for
balls that trial had passed, okay,
the accusation is directed against Mr.
Ismael, an
adult with such and such an ID,
criminally convicted on date  November 14,
and no one has said anything
criminally convicted on
November 14, 2018,
that is, we are talking about that a month
before, a month before Dallas was
acquitted of what he was accused of, win
michu was convicted because what happened in Dallas
was in December 2018,
wow, in the court of La Curva, that was in
Coruña, to six months in prison for the
crime of injury, a criminal record that is not
computable for the purposes of recidivism, a criminal
record that is not computable for the purposes of
recidivism
and I don't know what that means, but I think it
means, I think it means,
let's look for the
second thing. I don't want to win
in such a delicate matter.
Not computable,
what does it mean
that it can be computed?
Thanks for the clarification. Google dictionary.
Computable.
Computable. Computable. What does computable mean? It would
mean
that it can be computed. Miranda, the same as whatever it
is. I think that here what it means is
that it could not be added to others,
no, or rather, it could not be accumulated unless I
think it is, or rather, this is really what I think it is,
but I think what it means is that it is
not  you can add others unless it's the
same type not
the accused on youtube by profession and the
margin of other business has several
channels of his own on the youtube platform
in which he posts a video with this now I'm
going to explain it to you this incredible and
also this video we're going to talk about
some audios of ingrid leaked by a
friend of hers where she says wish threw
some incredible things at me and leaves it at the
level of the evil after all it is just as you
are listening to it ingrid the love of
his life how things change years
later they still have traumas no way he
explains anything to me about the
non-computable background it would not be a move wow he
went off there throwing the wind michu
I suspect that they are fighting
non-computable people defects
clairvoyance does it mean that
in the dallas trial what is being
judged
[Music]
in the trial of the bottle what is being
judged were injuries
therefore it cannot it cannot be an
aggravating factor for recidivism
in the case of those in dallas because they are
crimes of completely
different nature one is a crime of injuries and the
other is a crime of word as is the
slander that means that it is not
computable for the purposes of recidivism that
for the crime for the
Dallas trial it cannot be it cannot be
counted as a recidivism because those
criminal records are for a
totally different crime than the one being
heard in that case that case is
slander what I understand the da was
running to see if I'm wrong that if
wing michu had been convicted it would not be added to them
those records have nothing to do with it
because it is a different crime
for water in many it would be added to
that they would have to be the same
type of crimes another aggression
well there is Dallas how bad Dallas is do
you remember that everyone
saying in 2017 who has never been
convicted of anything me and who has
a little apartment waiting for him in jail wish
michu I know that many people have
apologized to me over time
but I hope that what you are seeing
here what you are seeing here serves
once and for all for those last
people who were still hesitant
about whether to believe that I am telling the truth or
not that they can  see once and for all
how I never lie and unlike
him I always show everything with evidence. I
heard some things about you that were
real nonsense that I thought
so that you can form an ideology yes sir
Aaron a lot and talking to him a little well I have
realized that no that
things are not always as they seem to be and it is
very easy to fall into it I fell for it myself I
fell for it I said this man well that
stress or the other thing well for me outside I
no longer want to know anything about you but I know that
there it is very easy to fall into this type of
things of believing the first thing someone
says about someone and since all the money
says exact it has to be true
then you know better let's cross
this guy out we are not going to stop explaining
anything he says we are going to give it a
[ __ ] and even days and we
also stain
a person because yes but I think that there are
many things that have happened to you that should not happen
to anyone for all
those that I have spent so many
years thinking I know that I was lying and that he
spoke the truth from the heart I tell you I
hope for your apologies many
youtubers have given  This time you have been
watching, I apologize because you have seen
things as they are, but whoever is still left,
sincerely, should not be ashamed. I know
perfectly well how easy it was for
many to fall for Wish Macho's lies,
but now, now more than ever, it is
easier to see all the lies if you
believed this character and with this
never again
[Music]
in view of the fact that it is the aggravating factor of recidivism,
aggravating it would
hardly be more serious because it is an
aggravated circumstance,
the incidence must have
previously committed a crime, which is
then the one who
was convicted, which is the crime of
injuries, it is a cry of a different
nature to the crime of slander, it
cannot be applied to the crime of
slander,
this is like a gravel,
if, for example, instead of
injuries from the bottle,
Wish Michu had had another complaint, he would have
lost here
because, according to him, he is being
tried for the crime of
slander and he already has a conviction,
therefore, yes, there would be a
recidivism and it
would be computable for the purposes of
recidivism and it would be applied to him
as the crime for which he has a
record has nothing to do with
slander, he cannot be
subjected to the penalty of  slander is going to
be what the penal code puts for that
crime if he is going to be convicted
because there is no aggravating factor of the
incident because the crime he committed
cannot be considered the incident
because it is a totally different crime I
celebrate a lot text in his
lies because now the only one who
could escape the law is him and the truth
is that he has escaped he goes to prison
for very little but worse and this is going to make you
degree he gets angry because look at me I get
angry he has made an effort to silence
the justice system in Spain so
that no one would ever find out about this
now I will explain how it is possible that I
can uncover Valeria explained
how she silenced him but before that I
want to tell you that now it is your
turn now it is the turn to denounce him and
that all these girls that he recorded without
their consent taking off their clothes on
chatroulette yes while they were left
exactly the same as the men he
publishes in nine of his girlfriends by
betrayal but on top of that he profited from
these girls and publicly humiliated
publishing their nudes recorded without
authorization and  public without censorship
on his website while he made money from
it and then insulted them on twitter
now is the time for all those
girls to speak out and denounce him,
denounce him for all the crimes he
committed for many years and
crimes for which his YouTube channel was closed
in 2015 and based on more
lies I get
years and crimes for which his
YouTube channel was closed in 2015 and based
on more men
YouTube has deigned and has already deigned
to explain to me why he gave me the
last strike with which he deleted my
channel and it's quite ridiculous do
you remember this censored clicks well
they say he's a minor
more disturbed it could be that I would put ok keep an
eye on my next tweet you
will say he managed to get it
reopened crimes that are combed
with high prison sentences because yes so
that he doesn't know yet Huixmí was
dedicated to manipulating girls with
whom he had video calls and recorded them
without her knowing and then published them
on his social networks  and on
your website specifically without any
kind of they
have deleted my chat roulette 7
because of a [ __ ] this afternoon I summarize
the second channel censorship well now
is the time to do something now is the
time to do justice and in this
video I am going to explain how but to
understand it all let's start at the
beginning let's start guys michu was
convicted of assaulting a person with
a glass bottle treacherously in the
head he opened his head with the
glass bottle and he was sentenced for these
events free how is it possible to give them that
not a single media outlet
echoed that this youtuber wish michu
has a criminal record for being a
violent aggressor because if we can already
call him perfectly all and in a
totally free way aggressor
convicted violent criminal and all these names
in a very absolutely legal way because
the funny thing is that we would never be
slandering him he said something that
effectively is and for which he has been
convicted a convicted and violent aggressor
well don't miss it because that is
how he managed to silence the
justice system so that this would not be made
public it turns out that the guy  apparently he
accepted a plea bargain
a plea bargain in a
criminal proceeding
in a criminal proceeding is the possibility for
the accused to acknowledge the facts of
a crime and admit guilt so that
the sentence is reduced and the
process is finalized that an agreement was reached he accepted the
sentence and the condition is that the
sentence is not public meaning
literally no one could ever know that
wish michu had a criminal record that
can be done salt can be asked that the
sentence not be made public as a
condition what seemed
incredible to me this or rather when
things happen to others okay it was already obvious
that something had happened the bottle
because he himself came out to click to
acknowledge it in a video that I don't know what
brilliant idea he had to come out of
knowing him publicly no but the thing is that
when things happen to others they do
appear in the media and everywhere
okay but then these little things are not final he had already been
convicted it is absolutely
incredible the guy managed to
silence even justice he is very
strong and that way no one would
ever know that he is one step away from going to
jail on
top of that the guy on twitter starts
pretending  in no time this has happened
here there is a screenshot of a
person telling him that he can't go to
Andorra because he has a
criminal record which is totally true and
this person I think didn't know it one
hundred percent I think he just
said it for the sake of it because many people already
suspected that he had been convicted but
he hadn't said anything and had
hidden it from everyone and teeth it couldn't be
said absolutely because what he
did was hide this tweet I hid it
as you can see here it says the original author
of the hidden tweet the response to this was
wish michu who specifically clicked
hide this reply and blocked
the guy and when another person threw in his
face that he knows that he can go to Andorra but that he
couldn't by he says I don't know where you got
that from but it's not true be
careful
seven thousand it's
not that they ask for the sentence not to
be public when you reach an
agreement with the prosecutor automatically
those sentences are private the
only way there is for a sentence
not to be public is because you reach an
agreement then it's as if you signed a
contract so you have an idea okay it
's a totally private sentence that's
why the sentence cannot be found
nowhere because in Spain all
the sentences that reach trial and
a trial is held are public but the
agreement is prior to the trial without a
trial being held so there is no
normal sentence it is a sentence of
conformity it is a tendency with agreement
and therefore it will always be private
thanks to the fact that I asked for it but it is that
automatically when you reach an
agreement they are private thanks to the da
wow wow wow I know of many people that
I don't because that is not sought but I know of
many people who have wanted to know what
happened or whatever and the sentence
was not anywhere it is as if there
was no sentence of course there were many people
who had the theory that they had
made some agreement with money or whatever
but look
look be careful with the lies that you
are saying everything with the lies that you
are saying out there he starts talking
about lies
wow you didn't count on this right yes it is
true lies have very
short legs indeed very short how
can you deny it he asked me how can you
honestly what he said about me in his
day all those lies escalated in
many people but over time I showed
all the lies that the guy
said and obviously many people
youtubers and followers saw that he is a
liar and he completely lost all the
credibility he had see is that this
I do not know if this is the level of
compulsive liar or that these levels but on
top of that saying something like that when you
are really condemned and you cannot go to
Andorra for this reason it makes me laugh a lot
because will meet has deleted
absolutely everything he said regarding
gorda and this year even said by him
I obviously because this is very
small that he was going to come into my life I
mean how can you be so big mouthed
many youtubers came out go from
him and a few more to say that win
michu since it was said there in
Andorra that win michu was thinking of
leaving in fact let's see what he said was
that win michu in this story then
he has put out of the oven how much is coming
in rich clairvoyants greetings javi what
he said at the beginning of the
story he deleted everything that was there of
what he had tweeted messing with
people from  achieving ra okay but it's not
in that it was said that the email now
suddenly in the end it didn't go away for some
reason it didn't go away okay and now this month
when there has been all the controversy about
this I have seen wing michu
retweeting things in favor of the people
who were against those who are going to
Andorra
how do you know we are spending what by the way it is
supposed that they have postponed to
give what is coming we do not depend on here
or not I love it when you say that you have
changed and more to change one and it is still
half the directive and Robert güei
funny
wow what scum you are years ago each of us has
our defects but you
are garbage it's very funny because wish
michu today is reducing and giving
diffusion to things that attack rugby for
his decision to go to Andorra in which
by the way he defended the blond if you
can see it in this video and many
youtubers who live in Andorra knew and
already commented with me too this type
of things it would already screw me to be where
we are and continue believing the things that
Huixmí Túnez says in fact there is a  tweet
to the wind michu with a relative of his in
which he jokes about the subject of
Andorra jokes about the subject of Andorra
okay and that is saved there I am not going
to I am not going to put it here because he
is not a public person and I do not want to
put him here in the video but there is
this mind also says be careful
with the lies that you are going to release and
rage sincerely so that it does not stop to
enter Andorra they ask you something very
important and that is that you have a totally
clean criminal record if you have you you
cannot enter the country and the funny thing
is that he makes fun of the
youtubers who are going to Andorra while
he cannot because he is a
violent convict but after all this nothing
helped him try to silence him that he had been
convicted and not say anything he
says and around there I think that is why it was
Vegeta's tweet it
is true it is that it is well if I said
what I know about some who act like
moralists
the subject nobody helped because because I did not
count on I think that I
Carlo welcome thank you very much I was going to
report you and when you report a
person and that is going to  trial which I would be
of the salsa singer without it the grace
if they entered by all means that did not
go to trial automatically you have
access to the criminal record go to the
person you are accusing and
indeed he has them this is not a
fake that someone dares to say that
this is a fake this is one of the
many judicial documents that were in the
entire process of the trial against which I will
show you several throughout this
time and I know that some of you are
asking but then how is it that he did not
go to jail since it says that he
sentences him to six months which by the way this
sentence is quite high for a crime
of injuries in accordance that they usually
reduce you quite a bit I suspect and I
suppose how high the sentence would be that they
were asking for him because what he did was not
nonsense he
attacked with a glass bottle and
opened a kid's head by treachery
from behind very clear and made an
agreement it is supposed to be less than what they would be
asking
for example for things I don't know how many
years they asked for even things but in the end
reaching an agreement recognizing what he had
done no  I know what move they
gave him exactly two years okay so I
understand that if this is an agreement in
reality they would ask for more I understand that I don't
know
and very very strong but he avoided going
to jail because he accepted the sentence and they did
n't give him more prison time
but now today he no longer has any more
opportunities any extra sentence
that they give him for anything
even if it's just a month they send him
directly to prison where he should have
entered a long time ago
but as it was being said I don't know
or if that's true at all I think it has to
be from the I think I could be
wrong
I'm not a lawyer or anything I imagine that he
consulted it before recording the
video but I understood that it has to
be the same thing it has to be a
repeat offense that it has to be the
same thing and that it has to add up to more than one year
two years and one month I think I
already said that I'm not a good lawyer or anything like that
he is that I don't have a [ __ ]
clue
then YouTube removed
wish mucho's channel for more than a week in
2015 and why well because YouTube
said that he  he had shown the video of
a minor through a video call in the
usual way that he liked to expose
women in his video calls, well, to
sum up, they improved the video and he said,
well, my balls, I'm re-uploading this video
because it has to be on the
channel, it's a charly and the fact is that Will Smith had
been recording
girls without their consent since 2013,
psychologically manipulating them to get them to show
mainly their breasts, being
extremely insistent and annoying so that they would
undress in front of him, a tremendous
feminist ally, right? Now a super
feminist, he's vegan, what a good person he
is, he's changed, right? I think we
can all change over time to a greater
or lesser extent. I don't think
any of us has ever reached the
level that this man has reached in the
past, so I'll go back to the past. I
remember some tweets that we've seen out
there many times on video and things and
mother, we've
all been, maybe
we normalized things that
today are not true, jokes and he's jokes
and memories are stupid, no, but I've
seen the wind michu, certain tweets
that I've said, my goodness  skin i don't think
anyone has been so exaggerated and less
being a public figure excuse of I've
changed you know what it serves me and the
same should serve you the
girls obviously did not know that they were
being recorded and of this I am not
testimony of him of himself complaining
that the girls reported the
videos of himself being on television
some time later seeing like this I do not
regret those videos see is that on
top of that when someone discovered that he
uploaded those videos what he did was
insult them and humiliate them publicly
but also publishing the videos without
any type of censorship with links that
contained advertising and paid to
profit on his website here you have it
also with the links of the tweets
in case it occurs to him to delete it with
paid links saying that I uploaded it to the website
without censorship saying that how simple
women are more disgusting and more
disgusting and the one that
seems most impressive to me of those that I was able to
recover because I delete many is
this one
right now in band
complaining that a girl has
reported the video and between notice that
is 2013 shot  in 2013 is the year that
I got married since we are not
talking about the times of other times,
you know, a time outside either too
much
wow insulting her publicly you have to
have very little shame you have to have very very very
little shame all of
us are going to regret
some stupidity that we did in the past
but none of us a goal loved
the fire ever did this amount of
atrocities on the internet to get
a few bucks expose girls and
record them without their permission and expose their
nudes this is a crime but fat fat fat
in these types of videos the guy would get
on video calls with women
through the chat roulette page and
through very underhand
manipulation techniques of which he already had videos
in his day talking about how to get it
the only thing he really did was
insist again and again and again and again
so that they found it very funny
teaching in the guy was extremely
heavy and predatory almost all the girls
at first said that they were not going to
teach him anything but he was all the time
super insistent saying type blow up a
place in a little and many more things that I am
not going to tell you in this video because
They are very strong to say in this video
in this mind but they are out there
summarized they are out there and unfortunately
many of these girls too young
and of which he did not know the age in
many occasions ended up
showing him
half a second of the girls and I imagine that
in his head they would think that for half a
second then maybe nothing would happen they did it
unexpectedly and maybe they would
think that there are nine there was time to
take out the cell phone and take a picture what
happens is that at that time
we are talking about 2013 many people did not even
know that you could record the
computer screen many people today do not
even know how to do it and what happens to him
is that it is totally the same as if they
only showed him for half a
second because the guy was already
recording everything from the beginning for
issues very similar to this recently
girls youtubers in Mexico
very fairly exposed youtubers like rick or
like yayo gutierrez I already made a video about
that subject all with the case of
camps or six panea well I already gutierrez
did exactly the same thing the guy I
loved  to girls without their consent without
them knowing who I Gutierrez already
by video call some being his
partners and then he saved the
videos on his computer but now already already already already already he
did it yes yes yes we commented on
the video of the girl who reported him
although he put it no yes I mean that he had
the videos on his computer already
he went a step further he
published them tic the videos were on his computer but not much he went a step further he publishes the most viewed videos Charlene Cabak without any kind of test how he censored all this priest on his website with paid links and with advertising then in his video he was
saying this video is magnetized
because I don't want to profit from this
but hey you profited from girls to whom you
gave consent is it true
that it can be more false please
incredible and worse because on top of that he used
YouTube as a medium to promote and
advertise his illegal and
delinquent content but I still ask myself to
this day if they canceled and very fairly and
very well done people like rick like oh
oh god and the  they canceled them because
until now no one has done the same with
guys mich I ask myself or does it turn out that
now he will be saved because now
magically he is a feminist ally and
all the sins he committed in the
past no longer count because look
now ex-ally I am honestly surprised
I am surprised that people are not able
to see the gravity of things and this
guy was dedicated to doing it until very
recently but in the meantime they
escrache other youtubers and in a
very fair way for stories that happened
some in the years 2012 23 forgive me
for not commenting much on the video but I
'm freaking out freaking out
the show with the 2013 video and I repeat in a
very fair way the escraches these
youtubers like rick I hope
for this one no no it's been five
years since that you know really some of
these videos were still public on
their website when I made my last video
exposing all this kind of things video
that their subscribers completely ignored
and said no guys micho
was never condemned because trace rich for his
mouth but the real problem here is that
the women who  were abused by
him they don't know how about me
well nobody is going to say anything like
all the people that all the people who
have thrown [ __ ] at Dallas who in the end
has no convictions for anything
absolutely nothing now about this they will
surely keep quiet because he left the
house it's the same old story you have the same
old story wow announcing it
people in general have no idea
how to report them in fact I know that many
think that he had every right
in the world to publish her without clothes and for him to
profit from them because at that
time he was going around saying he
completely invented the law and he started saying that
they had given up their image rights they
can't terms and conditions
accepted you can only claim charles
chatroulette literally no idea about laws not the
slightest bit absolutely ridiculous and
with these guys they dedicate themselves to justifying
all their actions but this is not true it
would be like saying that if you send me
clouds on whatsapp then I can
publish it because you gave your
image rights to whatsapp it's stupid that's why I
consider it incredibly
necessary that we find all the
girls possible that we find
all of them
reminder what this guy  he did
exactly the same thing that
the creative boyfriend can do to him when they spread it
later not literally the same thing and so let's
spread this video or at least
the message and see if we encourage any
of them to report him for what he did
not through YouTube like
many did trying to how they could delete that
content from the internet but lega
too bad he deleted the live that I told you
on Twitch what he said in the
live the other day
basteiro told me that win michelle in a
live he was talking about the
Andorran issue but as soon as
the live ended and he deleted it
really should report him because as I
told you before any further sentence
sends him directly to prison but we need to
help these girls who were
abused by him to be able to report him
many victims don't do it out of
shame because they don't want to be
recognized they don't want their family to know
that one day they might decide for half a
second to do like that in a video call
with a stranger that this stranger is
going to use everything to publish it
everywhere and I know that many women are
able to identify with this because it
has happened to many girls who
have encountered  types as filthy
as wish michu are already acting like a
feminist ally to write a lot of
balls, that's why if you know by chance a
girl who was
abused a lot, contact her now justice will be done
but will it be real justice to
report it is very simple the guy
has all the public data for
example he is co-owner of a company
called youth planet and the guy
can be directly summoned to
court through you planner so he
can be summoned super easily to be
able to report him they no longer have second
chances and so book once escaped
on a table manipulated as he wanted on
that subject let's see there will not be two there are no
second chances for her and people
like him should be in the face
and reflect on their lives and receive the
just punishment for all the crimes and
for all the damage he has committed which
is not little' many of these videos are
deleted today but many others
can still be found if you
find them I promise you will be horrified
'aces' with the kind of character that
wish michu is made of and obviously I
can't put them here because either
youtube would change and with good reason or
the wish macho would report him who
knows and now it's your turn there is no
more fear that is worth it with this character
nobody supports him anymore and agrees with him with their
eyes blind as they did
in the past most people have already
opened their eyes with him now it's your
turn to do justice and let this be
known let
it be known that he is a criminal let it be known that he has a criminal record and that is why he can't go to Andorra like the rest and now let him go and be amazed for a while as he must have done in his day when he first committed
that horrible assault that
could have ended much worse and he got
off by making an agreement can you
believe that there are still people today who are
dedicated to saying that he has changed of course he has
changed so much that even today he
has a criminal record he has changed
so much convicted very recently for
being a violent aggressor and that he could have
easily ended up with
the person he hit with that
bottle on the head with that
glass bottle but you know what's funny Díaz
Trillo I don't know what kind of bottle it would be I do
n't know if it would be a  big liter of these one
liter bottles big liter
or if it would be a small bottle but damn a
glass bottle damn
could have hit a bad blow
touch the same people who have used this
cheap argument that justifies their
crimes saying that it is that it has already
changed at the same time these people are
the first to accuse me of having
committed crimes that I have never committed and
that worse it has been proven that I am
innocent absolutely all but worse
that on top of that they were false accusations that I have
said a lot of times here you have
a video showing him he commits
crimes and nothing happens because he has changed
and he is a feminist ally true I have not
committed any crime in my life and I am
a monster that is the logic of the people who
support him how do you explain it a
long time ago I reported him through two channels
civil and criminal three years ago more than
three years of this here there is still no
trial date for the civil this is
horrible how slow the
justice system works so I am still
waiting for that the criminal case was difficult and
my entire legal team already knew that
as you know the main problem with my
story is that for  to
fully understand it you have to watch at least ten
twenty hours of content they went
straight to the trial to deceive to lie he
took Maria Antonia who is my ex and my
ex mother in law to say that they were the ones
who told him to say that
like or no it wasn't my thing but in
them that they told me but the
funniest thing about the subject that in the
beginning is
supposed to be this is that we already see they talk
a lot from here I have these topics
between youtubers at the moment that there
are accusations on both sides
videos on both sides video crossings
crossing things okay it's very difficult it's
very difficult to know if the judge doesn't understand
or I mean we know the whole context
we have analyzed the video of this is how the
review is the video of webs michu we have
analyzed it a lot of times we know the
contradictions we know the lies
because directly in that video lie
not like for example that he said that in the
video there is a moment where he says that
he wished death on Dallas because he
was very angry with the scream video
I'm fed up with mente no
what is the name of the video is the one that deleted
the public logo
sinking someone sunk okay  win
micro and says that he got really angry about
that video that hurt
Ingrid so much then he wished her death it's a
lie because in the video itself Dallas
already shows screenshots of Michu wishing she would commit
suicide you know and there are a lot of
things we already know that he said that
Cristina Bernal was 16 years old when she wasn't you
know but this in a trial no I
mean the trial is one two three four
hours as long as it lasts your lawyer speaks speaks
to the witnesses speak another lawyer this one
told me this I told him the others yes
but it's that he put this tweet to me yes but I do
n't know how much and in the end web design fight
on YouTube it was the web it will not be possible to
verify if this is a lie if this is
true you know
and he comes out grabbing to say that it is not
slander because slander would be
you accusing someone of a crime with knowledge
that it is false okay and it is not
slander because oh Michu said it because she
told him I will become Antonia
lived they also put Ingrid the woman
of his life but in the middle of the
procedure they all fought
a lot and  ingrid
completely dropped out of the procedure,
completely abandoned wish michu in the
procedure
since he was a witness and threw him
with ingrid with the mania that
the indian has for him, arda la cacha two
months ago she was putting twitter every day
tell the truth the truth so
that ingrid does not present herself as a witness
so that she leaves him stranded wow they must already
be fighting
everything obviously because the girl
was not willing to lie more for him and
get into trouble more less even
after everything clearly well I
originally did not talk about this I
received it a long time ago at the
time when they broke up and I imagine
that the same person sent it to me this
person contacted me so that I would
filter it and no way this if someone
can publish it is in any case the
person with whom he had this
conversation and neither should
this girl who sent it publish it
basically because she has a
gossip channel and neither, I mean even if you are
part of the conversation, that you
can publish it is not as such it
could be prosecuted civilly depending on the
content of the conversation
never send conversations  public
conversations investigating freaked out I know
what he's talking about a written conversation
not audios
let's say Dallas has lost the trial
why doesn't he say it clearly
he's saying that he won't win it or no he
's not saying it the co let's see losing
Dallas losing this trial does not mean
a conviction for him and that he pays her that
would be if they had reported him
but well if we can call him
and as she says Ingrid starts
calling him everything and uncovers a lot of
things about Wish macho leaving him in a bad way I have
tried during the relationship they had
and saying a lot of very serious things about
him but also I will uncover it for me
because apparently Wish Michu
put them on him cheated on him with her,
that is, these audios are real be 2
Javier is the best as soon as I arrived
red heart red heart thanks heavy thank you very much
to the grace that when they
told me I also did not believe it and it does not
look mounted only screenshots I had not
believed it but it is her voice I mean it
is directly her voice and I was dating
her at the time for a year and a half so
I recognize the voice perfectly
equally  no this doesn't have to be leaked
and the only thing I could publish is this is the
person who received it period and neither and
talk about this or even mention
this in my video but since it's
public that I was trying to
spread it in isolation I imagine it's
because they're raising quite a bit with what
their friends have been doing recently
on twitter
new things are coming and I'm going elda
vibrated posted a tweet I won an
important trial that from several
fronts with a certain loudspeaker on the internet
they predicted I was going to lose I've been
silent for months without defending myself and without
answering him since he gave it to him so
now that I won the blocked I don't
even know by whom in weighing billions here yes
then new things are coming let's see he
won the trial now about the trial
saying things like it's not
slander because well now he's going to
apply it to the way he won the trial
okay but let's see I'll tell you one thing the
trial is whoever convinces the judge whoever
reads the one who has done his job well
abbie bravo has done it well in whatever way that I do
n't share the way
well okay his job he has done well
okay because in the end the lawyer is the
way  whatever he has to
achieve is to free his client from the
sentence if they have reported it or
whoever reports it, get it now but
you tell me, I mean, for David Bravo, yes,
for David Bravo,
calling someone a full psychopath,
abuser,
miserable, what
other things he
called him a few bastards, yes, to give
the vibe all that is not condemnable,
I hope it never is, no David, that they
are not other things that are less
important do not depend on the man doing
his job, obviously he has to
do it. What I see from this man is that he
takes it personally, you know why then he
dedicates himself to his cases, taking it
personally, there in the media, talking to
his friends so that they do him the
favor of publishing things, the media is
okay and that is what I see is more important
but the desire, no, because he has not won for nothing,
now he is going to tell of those who
declared himself in court, will it be someone from
his group made up of rage, that
double response to spread it out there,
for me I have this since 2019, I have
been quiet, quiet without saying
absolutely anything, look how
things change  things in these years apparently was to
break them and automatically began to
tell a lot of things friends that
had to you all to see anyway I'm not
going to make him publish this let
the person who received it do it I do not
plan to publish it and stop trying to do
that others can not appeal
yes yes he has the resources rhythms have
a pending civil trial still
okay but anyway things
from me to this I saw weight
sincerely you know but I saw weight
because we know the whole context you
understand me I saw weight because
because I know the context of each phrase that they have
said and that they have crossed know
now if you go to court and say
but it's that Dallas monetizes the videos
but it's that Dallas has also
made me know my video clear and no but it's that
to you the videos that have been made have
been responding to you worth and the video of the
bottle was talking about a topic that
everyone talks about and that is a
viral topic that you are a public figure that
can be talked about you know but won the web
that says Estela made three videos of
another of 84 the other in which was a
fight on YouTube  We've talked about this
a lot of times, I haven't
reported certain people because I know
what it can do, it's very complicated for
someone to be convicted, you know, maybe
you tell me that you're messing with someone who's
anonymous, or imagine another
public figure, but who maybe doesn't
sell their life to be in controversies on the
internet, or on Twitter, or YouTube, or
any social network, you know, but among
people who are dedicated to it, they are in the
world of salt or the judge says, look,
go to hell, you're using
justice to see who's right and
Hector Aquino ml look, let's see, I have
trials that he lost and anima have done
things,
I reported a guy and you know this, it
was in 2017, 2018, a guy reported
a seven-minute video of me, it's out
there, summarized, look for it, the guy made a seven-
minute video of me calling me a son
of a [ __ ], [ __ ], that he was going to split me
in two, I reported him, he had to come to
Seville, the trial and his lawyer declared
that the video wasn't for me, that Oliveira  It's
one that has not done this and lying and I have
here the sentence in the first
instance do it but then
appealed and won the or rather the trial the
result can vary from the first
instance to the appeal okay in the first
instance to the
Bauer ring in there were two bones 3 no or 3
lawyers they put the video to who has
played from Sevilla they put the video they were
freaking out the one that
clearly said oliveira oli [ __ ] no when I
see you I'll break you I don't know what no some
move yes worth it and then in the appeal
they said that there was no way to prove
that the accused had uploaded that video
to youtube and that there was no
way to prove that he was
referring to me that oliveira was a
mixture of words from the island I don't know what
like [ __ ] I don't remember anything a
move that says that the video had not been
uploaded to youtube that with my
computer expertise I had managed to had managed to
download it illegally from some
social network I do
n't know something he made up let's go from there
the sentence and the guy who made the video
knows maybe if I had had
things that as a result of that I already learned is
that I certify all the things
every time they dedicate a post to me
the scientist is worth for example antonio
antón has already deleted a ton of tweets
that he dedicated to me okay when we
responded to the lawsuit when we
responded to the lawsuit there were some tweets
that he told me I don't remember if sick
full
then there was another tweet tagged there is one
saying that when you do something about the
barbarians and harassers that you have on
our social network be careful and tagging
there is one okay she has deleted them
after the preliminary hearing I
realize that she has deleted those tours and
why do you delete them and luckily since what
happened to me in that trial I have it I have it
certified with the guarantor in case she
decides to say that she does it that it is a
lie
why does she decide to say that it is a
lie that the subscriber did not put it so that it can be
seen that she is lying the same as I will do in
a live that I also have it appraised
and I have the comment appraised she began to
say that I criticized her because I
wanted to count on her I cannot be the
same what will I do she retweeted it automatically and
all these things in my area she
retweeted a tweet where  I was saying where
someone put her and this also got us out
of one on her blog okay in fact there is
proof of this everywhere part of the
expert report of the certificate okay that I was
Dallas's mascot and I criticized them
because she had ignored me something like
that she said no and these things have been
deleted but from that point on I am
appraising each publication that they make to me
always okay that is why I have a folder
where I save all the things that are
dedicated to me okay and for example another
trial that I had okay was the one
here below my house you will remember that
a guy threatened me threatened me right in my
face with killing my dog ​​okay I took it he
played like in the word of one
against the other or nothing
purple then however then however
what happens with this well
this what happens is that the gap that they
describe with it is that there are the things that
there are already after the fact having
obtained a criminal trial for
this it is already an achievement when he
managed to carry out the trials and he even
managed to know that apparently there were
resources to try to not give them
to try to not give them trials and
Dallas got the lawyer to take the
case today, it's worth
the things he plays because these things are
not given the importance he sees it as a
fight between youtubers you know unless it's
a thing and I tell you I saw
weight in this but of course we know
everything in context we
know everything that is behind it and all the
context but of course when he
saw this if these people say names
that he has dedicated five videos to me
but in 2013 half I don't know what
names that this is not slander it's
that the girlfriends and that he reported him it doesn't open it
's that in the end they are
paid to
do it for this person but they are very
strong very strong really it is not done it
is an idea you get an idea and the
things that he says also in the
conversations is that anyway to talk
because it is that I am not going to I am not going to
say it but anyway you
can read the text if you want it is to
flip out but they did not say that they did not
take her because Ingrid did not want to get involved
ever, I mean Ingrid goes around
talking it is that
I remember when I commented that I
thought they had fought  and I didn't know
why I promise you that you don't know
because it seems it was suspected because they had
fought there were people who came up with
theories and other people don't touch me there are
people who send me things in emails I've
seen them here I've seen them there but
to start with if someone proposes to
send me audios or things like that I don't even
want them I don't want that material okay
things that are private that are not from the
internet and that don't concern me I don't
want them okay friends it's the best send two
videos of some famous youtubers in
a nightclub forcing him 11 with Ariel or
whatever and I have never used it
for anything okay
if I had to use something that they have
told me that does not belong to
public life it would be because they are attacking me and
that would disprove the attack that you are
making against me for example imagine that they
attack me telling me I don't know what example to give
but come on it has to be that they are
attacking me for me to get to
use something okay but it's not
a problem for me and because they are also
all fighting like it was made
public on twitter a long time
ago  you know what they said at
ingrid's trial it wasn't an eye at the level of lies it
wasn't because she was afraid of me
what I was missing to hear today
really is that she's not going to a trial to testify
in favor of wish michu that I imagine the
trial I imagine the trial the little things they
must have said like we're
afraid of her because she makes us glass I
imagine the trial to atone chaos what I'm
telling you I mean we know the
truth we know the context almost at the end
he
their lawyer has done a good
job he has done his job well because he has
managed to get
them back with whatever aesthetic it is and saying whatever but well he does it freely he knows the truth because he's afraid of me it's I think the most ridiculous lie I heard that day because of course he must be afraid of me in a police court of judges and
lawyers let's be afraid but then on
twitter I know what logic there is in saying that he didn't
go out of fear to testify what fear is he going to have to
testify in court if
then on twitter he spends all his time
talking about him that we saw him here it happens
since we broke up in  2013
talking about me and dedicating myself and the good
a little bit of everything I did not make some
videos about it also as I have
told you compulsive liars is a signatory
but not only that at 21 he continues with traumas
xddddd but they also started to
accuse a friend of his from that time
that they are no longer friends that girl who took an
exam with all the much showed in her
video with a label saying do not
refer if she was really 18
at that time and this girl was a friend
of amarillo of ingrid and of him and that not
only that she knew her age but
also that she had it public on her
social networks how old she was well no
and they started to accuse her of having
lied about her age and that it was the fault of
the other one that lied to them all about her age it
is not mind-blowing of
course the good thing starts to check it or
the turns or whatever
they have said they have said that
[Music]
christina since she has was the one who appeared
in the photos are the wind michu put
in the video she asked for photos of minors
16 and a minor under 16 agreements because they
have said they have declared that
they put that because Cristina lied about
her age
when currently a Christian with his
age if from the first moment in the
capture that she herself published it was seen that it said that she
told him that she was 18
and those of Hito with a comfortable idea of ​​things
for your their perch
what about Cristina is that literally
she has never lied about her age if she
puts it in the life of her tara and to me
Cristina has told me the truth is not told
or not for me that this has already
told me that she has come out like a
party bug and that it seems to me that she has
told me that she has even stayed
overnight at home and cures me on some occasion that they have
all stayed there since win
michu knows her
okay well they have started to say they
declared that Cristina lied about nothing
clear then it was slander because
well she knows the truth
efe I
come from seeing the island that I missed I
had it and we have already graded the video
the excuses not a crime while it is not
present in court  to declare
nothing incredible soon the
trial will be shown because they did not bring her as a witness to
file in colors do not
worry the children suddenly you are going to
hallucinate it is really impressive and
everyone will be able to see the
amount of lies they release per
minute to flip out in fact at the same
time that I upload this video another one will be
uploading the channel of without filters
talking more in depth about this so I will
leave it for you by the annotations in
the comments the thing is between the
guy if they had convicted him for me he
would have already gone straight to jail and it
is very complicated for him to go to jail
for the crime of which he is accused of which
is slander and that in addition they literally
managed to tie the judge with a
lot of stories that have nothing to do with it
the judge confused concepts and
literally understood that wish michu
accused me of things before he has been
declared innocent because that has
had a trial against me in my
life for which he was declared innocent in
2018 you will see that in 2017 he did not make
reference  to this she told many lies
about many other things but what I'm
telling you to understand everything you have to
understand many things and obviously
the judge didn't do it and they managed to mess it
up it's a shame we knew it was going to be
difficult not in the first place
but in the end they told so many lies
that obviously with thousands of cases we have to
watch the trial to see if she
publishes it because you have to watch it twice a
day the judge is not going to watch at least ten
hours of content to understand the whole
context and what she's accusing him of and
what she's not but although they have managed to
deceive the judge don't worry because
you who are much more
focused on the subject are not deceived and I'm going to
be 100% transparent and I'm going to show you
the fragments, the
complete fragments so that you can pull your hair out
with the amount of lies and you
yourselves will also be able to
publicly check because the funny thing about
this whole case is that all the evidence is
public, that this whole thing is public
and that anyone at any time
can review it publicly to
see the amount of lies they tell
by men does it mean that Cristina
has lied about her age
is that literally not but I'm going to
say the one who has everything public
the pool deleted the tweet I don't know where
it said that Dallas is going to threaten me now that
you and deleted it no
what are you going to threaten me with now but
I know come on Javi if he has uploaded something that has to
do with the trial on his secondary channel
calm down no guys calm down
I know that in a video he put them and you leave a
video capture of the moment of the mouth
but maybe they were private for you
I know in which video it was
in Elche
Dallas and private subscriptions look at this
video
here
no they are not these guys there was
a capture there were
some captures sometimes to put it in
the video there were the captures in which
she always on her twitter has said her
age
per minute but well based on allied to
lie to put things that have nothing to
do in the middle then finally the
judge unfortunately did not sentence him to
prison but if in my opinion he deserved
jail time more than enough although I tell you as I have
told you a lot of  sometimes these
things are not definitive we still have to
make an appeal which is
basically to complain about it and
also that it was another trial against him
by a different means but well we already
know that it was complicated that the
conviction for this unfortunately
because to understand it the main
problem is that you have to watch hours and
hours and hours of content in fact if
the first is that you see it I am going to put
here on the screen some key videos
that the stock market does not know the bones will have
seen the video of wing michu if anything
the video of wing michu will have seen and those
who have put in the answer to
the lawsuit will not have seen it as such
if not the bones will have
seen the international sentence will
have seen the video of wing michu will have
given a couple of passes to the video
well said and will have seen from the videos
that he has sent them that they have put
in the answer to the lawsuit
but not only see the videos as such
but the titles and will have seen that
Dallas has made these videos because I will
have put them all these videos you
know everything well all these you already get
a general idea of ​​​​the story okay if
you see  you can say that you
understand this well but their lies have already
been uncovered not only by me but
worse by many other youtubers
many of whom in their day were
against me and finally gave
things as they are and here I take the opportunity again
to thank all the youtubers who
over time ended up defending me
and apologized for the transcription
of me thanks I'm also going to leave
here on screen some videos from others
today here on screen the videos of other
youtubers but they are from their [ __ ] channel [ __ ]
and you also see denying wish
michu I'm glad to be okay with you and
again I want to repeat what happened
to you what they did to you acti all the
[ __ ] they did to you all the
ways they destroyed your career
right now you're getting up from that we
shouldn't give them channels for that I think
that as a result of having spoken with you I've
realized many things it has been
realized that there are things that perhaps
are not how many people believe that
but well although you do not condemn it I have
switched to Christina's saliva
so Cristina
always  I bet
I'm 16 18 years old, [ __ ] [ __ ],
in that prison
the amount of lies are completely proven and
we're going to do it in capital letters that he said and it is that
if the judge of the trial had been the
same one as the one at the
trial hearing, that's how she understood everything very well I think she was
very well informed and
she responded very
forcefully, teach look at this part
here there are two screenshots the
judges are making fun of everything
that wish michu said that I did
to him I would soon make another video
more in depth these documents but
here he makes fun of those statements of his
saying management was costing which by the
way I proved everything the alleged
harassment to which win michu refers to, of
which he feels a victim by
Dallas, lacks any consistency not
only in light of what has been stated up to the
present case but also because there is no
evidence that a
complaint has even been filed, effect if they
were true, that alleged harassment
would have been the way to channel such
manifestations, his face when they
apologize to him, the tenderness
that is completely the other way around and that  to him
who used to come to the door of my house to
take pictures suitcase who then started
playing the victim and
screaming in his life and all that more I already
proved and here in this part the slope
clearly says that the things he
said about me were not to defend himself nor
to inform but they were
clearly to offend me because you know
what
[Music]
the fact that in a
video viewed by millions of people
the investigated pours out statements
that contain content that is certainly
offensive to the person to whom it is
addressed is a [ __ ] psychopath he
is not a victim he is a full one who
takes advantage of any moment to
devour you unfortunate bastard what
were they doing the huixmí chus
lawyer that they were trying to pretend
that they are only reporting on
my judicial processes as if it were
a newscast or something like that when
you will remember the guy not only insults me and
slanders me and so on incites others to
speak against me to go directly
against me and the judge saw this very
well and told him not as a
joke and as I said before we
both won  resources that they tried to present
so that the trial would not take place
because the judge clearly saw the
signs of a crime and pushed it
forward twice, twice
exposed in court with
incredible resolutions won as is, we will
see later in depth
the entire trial that was sworn to flip you will
do I can't wait for you to see it
but you know what's funny about the subject is that
since they haven't sentenced him to prison,
his trembling lawyer who is
literally an ally of 'twitter' and has been
dedicating pure hate to me on
twitter for years imagine the level of lawyer
the first thing he did was run to twitter
to publish what
I wouldn't call precisely winning
here a judge laughs at all the
nonsense that huixmí says with his video
since they clearly say that he made his
video to cause harm and that he has only been
spared from jail because it was
not yet known if dallas was 100%
innocent I would see it more as saying that it has been
proven that wish mucho
is a liar and besides now
everyone knows that he is an
aggressive criminal who attacks people by treachery
with weapons  blunt or bladed weapons
because I don't know how you get a
glass bottle and he likes
bottles too much too much like
when he was sending fans to
try to make them see me throw
bottles at an event I did do you
remember me too then the guy
played the victim and all the nonsense but it's mind-
blowing he played the victim
because I made videos responding to the
harassment he did to me it's another level of
ridiculousness but on top of that they all get
together okay because this lawyer of his
also started playing the victim
saying that I had dedicated videos
to him and I got on the complaint more
because it also says me I think what I
dedicated a video to him well I don't know if he
says it's because I don't have it here at hand I'm going to
see it from Facua I think I was waiting t
in the Facua thing to it is
supposed that Antonia said it here
in the statement but the complaint
says it to me that I got involved to be with
his lawyers and it's like your lawyer in the
first place we have not made any
abusive comments okay that the first thing we
can give our opinion on him it was with a
Podemos councilor is a
public figure, collaborator,
television collaborator and on top of that he gives his opinion about us, I
mean, he doesn't hesitate to put your
loyalty to whatever he wants to other
YouTubers who recently got involved in anything,
okay, he publishes things like we do,
for we can also give our opinion about
him and they put it there like he even
messes with our lawyer and it's like but what have we
told the lawyers?
Honestly, the
only problem I have
is that you post things that are lies,
post things that I have not said in the
videos,
try to win the trials, so look,
in this one it went well, for example, thank you very much for
defending everything that
Wen Michua said to Dallas,
but nevertheless, now my thing is that the
aforementioned thing that they filed the lawsuit
is a lie, yes,
he does his job for what he is
hired for, we also have nothing to do with it, I am
the only ones of them, I see that he takes
things very personally, as if they
were his own, the thing is to ask friends to
publish news in the newspapers
because evidently this friend of his has
done him the favor of publishing the news for him  your
newspaper
shoot shoot I saw Dallas ugly on twitter it
never occurs to my
lawyer it never occurs to him to publicly
throw [ __ ] at any of
the people who are against
his clients I don't know it just doesn't make
sense the
only videos I have are
her responding to his twitter threads
that he dedicated to me where he dedicated himself
to throwing all kinds of hate at me you'll see how
literally everything is so sad this
lawyer played the victim in front of the
judge saying they have also dedicated the
videos to this lawyer he
attacked me and then he is the first one who has
run to twitter to publish it and
his whole group of friends have started
to name twitter data plan
loaded how can you play the victim
in court saying that you keep all
the public things and then you are the
first one to make it public long before
I say it it's a bit like that
repellent kid at school who
spends all day throwing issues and besides they
were all on twitter because he
sent it to me I found out because he sent it to me efe
manuel la gorgona ley  everyone yes those who
remain and those who remain to win
well if that's how he wins and wins and you
judge him okay what matters to me is that
people realize the truth
and when you take it and answer him he
runs to Professor Gérard that's what he
reminded me of a little bit you'll see
the trial is very funny because he's going to do it
the trial I told him something like if I have
made videos of you it's because you have
dedicated them to me and telling me everything in the
first place and the guy started to tremble
ending the class listening to him tremble
with fear his voice broke his
legs were like a flan and his eyebrows
were like this very sad everything really very
sad I'll explain more about this because I
uploaded it on the Dada channel without filters and that
's all for today's video soon
I will explain more details sir the trial
speak well for now let it be
known that wish michu has a
criminal record that wish michu is a
violent criminal who was convicted
because he is an aggressor and that he is only one
sentence away from stepping foot in prison a
single walt I say that tomorrow after
this or rather I say that the  David Bravo's tweet
this is my theory there are still 4
minutes of video 3 missing my theory is that he
is really brave and Antonia and these
people okay who are the ones who have given him
real tweet sharing and such were
eager to make it public that they have won
in fact I have an audio of Antonia that I
remember that is part of a vice
also in which she says I don't care if it
goes public however I don't
give a damn about public opinion
what I want is to win trials she doesn't
care if she has to go to trial
and say whatever she wants in a statement or
deny something that is true or whatever
okay what she wants is to win the
trials like Elche has won okay in the
same way that they have won is saying
that Dallas has also made many
videos that he has monetized them that he has
made videos even the lawyer that
Christian Bernal lied about
his age with those things has won okay
well the resources that they David Bravo
and others were eager to publish it in
fact David Bravo has been trying to be for a few
weeks  youtuber is
timidly trying to get into
the world of youtube which is his
right I think he has seen that it
works and that there is
a way to become popular and
another way not just another business and
timidly he is also getting into it also with his
friend ruben sanchez who makes me
laugh a lot doing live tweets they
are also both timidly
trying to be a youtuber get into the
world of eight themes they are seeing
that youtubers are breaking it no and he has
vibrated he is making videos of cases and
his videos that I saw it was the one with
lola flores no because I was
very interested in the subject and then my theory is
that he is probably crazy to make
a video wanting to make a video for
this trial
but he does not do it because win michu
loves us this one of my theories is that win
michu loves us
or rather I go a lot and he said halfway
with a stone in his teeth that more
came out well low they are more loose in this
trial you know and I am going to stay quiet
that dallas does not say anything either and I do
not say anything either and we all stay
shut up that's enough
why because win michu wouldn't want
these things that he was putting
out now to be known I don't know I can imagine but I
have this theory that if there has
n't been news in the press and
such but now it's been
done then tomorrow there will be headlines in
the press I think that tomorrow there will be
headlines like
dallas loses the trial guys michu was
right guys michu has changed or things like that you'll
see
whatever they report him for now
ends up directly in prison I am
innocent always the loser and they have
exposed me in all the media during all
this time trying to make me look like
the guilty one he is guilty he is a
convicted criminal convicted and
aggressive and they don't expose him anywhere he
is a guy who has not only done that but
has manipulated women to record
them naked to later
publish them and humiliate them publicly
in addition to profiting from these girls
justice I don't believe it the world is upside
down and very crazy but now that it is known that
all the hypocritical newscasts can be seen well
and that they all look good
feather duster when one wants to echo
the news so that it becomes known and that all
the people that this wish macho
has harmed come out and speak out because
this guy has been untouchable for a long time
he can do and say whatever he wants
with total impunity
manipulate people and justice to
his convenience and he gets away with
his crimes well that's it ismael because
I'm not afraid of you anymore you are what I
was saying now it's your turn it's your
turn to talk about all the things that
this guy has done to you about all the
videos that you have waited for youtubers to
try to silence the
small youtubers whose channel you have even deleted their
channel even youtube
to go around telling them and eating them from
their ears so that they would not speak ill of you you
continue pulling the strings and continue
manipulating and manipulating now it's your
turn now to speak and that after
three years the truth finally comes out and the
truth is that wish michu is a convict
an aggressive criminal and we
can all say it you know why what he is and
why saying this we do not lie to anyone and
now of course I expected some video
from him  marking others that still has
traumas pretending again a george
will answer win michu
will answer today he made me an uncle this time
but this time he doesn't have there to do it he
has my other ex to hug her and
something like this this is the new woman in my
life thanks to the because thanks to you
I met the second woman in my life
who knows I imagine now like this we
are all waiting again to see
that I don't mark you this time guys
michu let's see how you justify it is that you are
a violent criminal and all the
hives let's see now there's a to look like a
hero I didn't do it to defend a
woman in all area but this time it's not
going to work for you because the technical agency
swimmer of the years people have seen
perfectly well which leg you limp on is the
most welcome because we all know the
kind of person you are and maybe the
first time your fake tears and your
lies will make a lot of people but
this time you're not fooling anyone convicted no
one believes your lies anymore so let's see
how many more lies you dare to release
on twitter or wherever pretending that you don't
have a criminal record  time puts
all violent criminals in their
place now wait for you, even though another
trial and the many trials that you
should have soon for all the
girls that you used
publicly like that you are going to send
someone destroyed please tell him that I am
going to be final that everything is important
and wish michu if you want me to lie
about something dare to tell me don't go lying around
afterwards because it is very
easy to make your videos crying and all
that there you can lie and nobody is going to
respond to the lies that you tell but
yes enough time delaying
someone else guys michu blocked him for
no reason today for
no reason because you are leaving
now he puts you and puts priests there I
have no problem with him
with my heart in a program with him and
nothing, I mean, he seems hypocritical about many
things he catches a lot of lies
contradictions and I make the criticisms
because of the content that I
handle in very controversial characters he is
involved in many controversies when he does not
mess with one he gets into fights
and argues with others  another one said about maradona the
other one count on me with him I have nothing
personal
I didn't have a couple of disagreements hello javi
during the first debate with dallas
you said that you heard audios of dallas
that gave credibility that he mistreated
the dog those audios really existed it does
n't sound to me that I said
audio you are making a mistake I remember they
showed me the conversation in the same you
know as they always say but audio doesn't
sound to me audio
from 2018 that I had a couple even
with him he messed with me on twitter he
insulted me on twitter he called me rats he doesn't
give me an account of things but well that's it in the
end it's not like I
wish
him anything bad you understand what I mean but yes it
is true that this trial sincerely to
me it would have seemed fair that you
win dallas no longer I am not telling you maybe
what I am
telling you that they condemn wing
michoacano to jail I didn't see it no way
because no
information carrier for coal be calm
and apart from that it doesn't add up with the other but for
me minimum minimum that they would have  that they
had lost it, that they had deleted the video, man,
at least they had asked him to remove
the video, for me it is the least,
at least for me it is neither hate nor that I invite
the video, the
end